-: Now, before we dive into the course content,
I'd like to give you a teaser
or a taste of what you'll be able to do
by the end of the course.
So this is going to be one example that's based
on one topic that's covered in one subsection of the course.
Now, because this is a teaser lecture,
I'm not gonna explain the technical aspect
of how am I doing this
because I'm gonna teach you how to do this
as you go through the course.
For now, just sit back and enjoy this lecture.
And after this lecture, we're gonna dive
into the course content where you learn how
to do things like this and much, much more.
So in this example,
we're gonna be hacking this Windows 11 computer
from this hacking machine.
In the first section of the course,
I'm gonna show you how to set up your hacking lab
including this hacking machine
and the Target Windows machine.
But for now, what I wanna do is I wanna hack this computer
from this hacking machine.
Now, the attack that I'm gonna show you right now
and everything that I show you throughout the course works
on Windows 11 and Windows 10 and previous versions
but for now I'm using Windows 11 because it's the latest.
And the way that I'm gonna hack that computer,
mainly I'm gonna be using a framework called Beef.
Beef is a browser exploitation framework that allow us
to run a number of attacks against a target browser.
Now, for us to be able to use Beef,
we have to inject beef's code into the target browser.
So we have to actually inject Beef's code
into the browser of the target computer,
which happens to be Chrome in this example.
Now we're gonna use another program called Better Cap
in order to inject Beef's hook code automatically
into the target browser.
So the target user will not even know
that they clicked or did something suspicious.
Now I've already configured Better Cap to do that,
so I'm simply just gonna run it
by giving it my network interface
and giving it a script that I'm calling here spoof.cap.
That will place me in the middle of the connections,
allowing better cap to inject the hook code
of Beef into the browser of the target.
Now I'm gonna show you how to do this
how to use Better Cap, and how to write this script yourself
as we go through the course.
So this is just a teaser for you to enjoy.
Do not worry about the technicalities.
So I'm gonna simply run it and now Better Cap
is gonna intercept all the data that will be sent
and received from this computer.
And the last step, I'm gonna run a caplet that is
called HSTS, hijack caplet.
This script will allow us to downgrade connections
and inject Beef's code into the browser.
Again, I'm gonna show you how to write that script
and use it later on in the course.
So just watch it and enjoy.
So I'm simply gonna hit enter to run that.
And as you can see, we get no errors,
meaning that everything is running successfully.
And I'm also, in here, if you look
at the top part of my terminal window,
I'm actually listening for incoming connections
because eventually the end goal is I wanna be
able to receive a connection from the target computer,
from my backdoor so that I can control their computer
and do anything I want on it.
So right now I'm listening for incoming connections.
So when my attack is successful,
I will get a connection in here.
So let's go ahead
to the target computer and simply run the browser.
So we're assuming that this is the normal target user.
They run their browser and for example
they go to Google.ie.
In order to just browse the internet
or search for something that is interesting to them.
Now, when this happens
Better Cap is gonna automatically
inject the hook code for Beef.
And if we go to Beef,
you can see that now we have a new online browser.
So right now beef is connected to this browser right here.
This browser is hooked to Beef
and therefore we can click on it,
get detailed information about it,
and if we click on the commands,
we'll be able to run a large number
of commands that'll allow us to do so much on that target.
Now we will go through all of that later on in the course,
but the one that I wanna show you right now
is in the social engineering category.
It basically shows a fake notification bar
for Chrome browsers.
So we're gonna display a message
saying critical update,
click here to install
and then we're gonna give a link to my backdoor.
So when the user clicks on that message,
they will install a backdoor.
Now, I've already created that backdoor
and hosted it on the web server of Cali.
Again, I will show you how to use that web server
and I'll show you how to create backdoors
later on in the course.
So for now, we're just executing
and running information
that we already know just as a teaser.
So I'm gonna hit execute and let's go to the target browser.
And as you can see, we're getting a notification bar
in here telling us that there is a critical update.
Click here to install.
Now you could say that there's an update
for Chrome or whatever.
You can make this message more convincing.
So if you click on install,
you'll see that the file
will get downloaded into my downloads
just like any other file.
And if I go to the downloads
let me show you what this file looks like.
You will notice
that the file has the right icon for the Chrome installer.
So right here, I actually have a clean Chrome installer.
As you can see, I'm naming it clean.
And this is the one that actually contains a backdoor.
So you can see the files look identical,
but if I run the updates that we just downloaded
you will notice
that you get this warning for running an executable.
So we're gonna run it for an unknown publisher.
And then it's actually gonna let you
install Chrome as you can see.
So it's Google update setup.
If you say yes,
you'll actually get the normal installer for Chrome.
But if we go to the hacker machine in here and look
at where I was listening for incoming and connections,
you will notice that I actually got a connection
from the Target Windows machine.
So now I hacked that computer
and I can do anything that the normal user can do
on their computer.
So I can access their file system
I can register every key strike
they type on their keyboard.
I can listen to their mic, I can turn on their keyboard.
I can turn on their camera.
I can do anything that they can do on their computer.
And just as a quick example to show you how severe this is,
I'm gonna do webcam
list to list all
of the webcams connected to this computer.
And as you can see, we have only one webcam.
So I'm gonna do webcam stream number one,
the first camera and if I hit enter,
we can see a live stream of the target person.
Now this is just one example
of what you're gonna learn in this course, and like I said,
don't worry about the technical aspects.
I've connected a number
of attacks here in order to achieve this.
But we're gonna focus and cover every single piece
of the puzzle that allowed us to do this.
So don't worry about it at all.
This is just a teaser to show you what you're gonna
be able to do by the end of the course.